hey guys i just want to show you where
our business buys all of our ink and our
toner from whenever we purchase just
because it is so much cheaper and yet
the quality is very similar to what a
name brand ink or toner printer
cartridges is and that's here at ain't
clipper calm and that links under this
video if you click on it you'll come
straight to this page where you can
check it out and look up some prices for
your ink and toner to get a better idea
of what they charge and how much money
you can save and on top of that they
give you a coupon code it's listed here
on this page and they change it up every
month so be sure that you want to
bookmark this page so you always have
this latest coupon code and you can see
here they're also offering free shipping
on all orders over fifty dollars so if
you spend fifty dollars or more not only
we save another ten percent which you'll
get the free shipping this is a great
company they have excellent customer
service their cartridges they offer the
OEM original cartridges they also offer
their own remanufactured cartridges that
they do and unlike many of the other
companies out there they actually break
down these cartridges clean them out run
them through test refill them with the
same high quality ink before they ship
them out to you so you're not getting
just basically a refilled kit or refill
cartridge which is what a lot of a lot
of the other businesses do or companies
that sell these ink and toner cartridges
so come here it's ink clipper calm and
then you come over here and you can
choose the printer name to look for your
printer ink or you can just come up here
and you can just start a tight by your
name brand it'll pop up the most popular
ones and it will show you all the prices
available they have XL cartridges they
have huge combo kits which are
discounted massively which is usually
what we order to save the most one like
I said you're going to save a tremendous
amount of money if you normally go to
staples office depot or somewhere like
at the buyer cartridge you're gonna save
a lot of money if you go here in order
and you're going to get the great
customer support but come here and check
the website out you'll get all kinds of
details on it and make sure you copy
this coupon code if you make a purchase
so you can save an additional ten to
fifteen percent
you